---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awsappstream_app_block Data Source - AWS AppStream"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Reads an AppStream app block. This data source can be used to reference an existing AppStream app block that is managed outside of Terraform.
---

# awsappstream_app_block (Data Source)

Reads an AppStream app block. This data source can be used to reference an existing AppStream app block that is managed outside of Terraform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "awsappstream_app_block" "example" {
  arn = "arn:aws:appstream:eu-west-1:123456789012:app-block/example-app-block"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AppStream app block.

### Read-Only

- `app_block_errors` (Attributes Set) Informational list of errors reported by AWS for the app block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--app_block_errors))
- `created_time` (String) The timestamp when the app block was created, in RFC 3339 format.
- `description` (String) The app block description, if set.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the AppStream app block, if set.
- `id` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AppStream app block.
- `name` (String) The name of the AppStream app block.
- `packaging_type` (String) The packaging type of the app block.
- `post_setup_script_details` (Attributes) Specifies the post-setup script executed after app block creation, if present. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--post_setup_script_details))
- `setup_script_details` (Attributes) Specifies the setup script used to build the app block, if present. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--setup_script_details))
- `source_s3_location` (Attributes) Specifies the Amazon S3 location that contains the app block source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_s3_location))
- `state` (String) The state of the AppStream app block.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags assigned to the AppStream app block.

<a id="nestedatt--app_block_errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_block_errors`

Read-Only:

- `error_code` (String) The error code reported by AWS.
- `error_message` (String) The human-readable error message reported by AWS.


<a id="nestedatt--post_setup_script_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `post_setup_script_details`

Read-Only:

- `executable_parameters` (String) The runtime parameters passed to the post-setup script, if set.
- `executable_path` (String) The run path for the post-setup script.
- `script_s3_location` (Attributes) Specifies the Amazon S3 location of the post-setup script. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--post_setup_script_details--script_s3_location))
- `timeout_in_seconds` (Number) The maximum amount of time, in seconds, that the post-setup script is allowed to run.

<a id="nestedatt--post_setup_script_details--script_s3_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `post_setup_script_details.script_s3_location`

Read-Only:

- `s3_bucket` (String) The name of the Amazon S3 bucket.
- `s3_key` (String) The S3 object key of the post-setup script.



<a id="nestedatt--setup_script_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `setup_script_details`

Read-Only:

- `executable_parameters` (String) The runtime parameters passed to the setup script, if set.
- `executable_path` (String) The run path for the setup script.
- `script_s3_location` (Attributes) Specifies the Amazon S3 location of the setup script. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--setup_script_details--script_s3_location))
- `timeout_in_seconds` (Number) The maximum amount of time, in seconds, that the setup script is allowed to run.

<a id="nestedatt--setup_script_details--script_s3_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `setup_script_details.script_s3_location`

Read-Only:

- `s3_bucket` (String) The name of the Amazon S3 bucket.
- `s3_key` (String) The S3 object key of the setup script.



<a id="nestedatt--source_s3_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_s3_location`

Read-Only:

- `s3_bucket` (String) The name of the Amazon S3 bucket.
- `s3_key` (String) The S3 object key of the app block source, if set.
