---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awsappstream_application Data Source - AWS AppStream"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Reads an AppStream application. This data source can be used to reference an existing AppStream application that is managed outside of Terraform.
---

# awsappstream_application (Data Source)

Reads an AppStream application. This data source can be used to reference an existing AppStream application that is managed outside of Terraform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "awsappstream_application" "example" {
  arn = "arn:aws:appstream:eu-west-1:123456789012:application/example-app"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AppStream application.

### Read-Only

- `app_block_arn` (String) The ARN of the app block associated with the application.
- `created_time` (String) The timestamp when the application was created, in RFC 3339 format.
- `description` (String) The application description, if set.
- `display_name` (String) The name displayed to users in the AppStream application catalog, if set.
- `icon_s3_location` (Attributes) Specifies the S3 location of the application icon, if set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--icon_s3_location))
- `id` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AppStream application.
- `instance_families` (Set of String) The instance families supported by the application.
- `launch_parameters` (String) The parameters passed to the application at launch, if set.
- `launch_path` (String) The path to the application executable within the image.
- `name` (String) The name of the AppStream application.
- `platforms` (Set of String) The platforms on which the application can run.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags assigned to the AppStream application.
- `working_directory` (String) The working directory of the application, if set.

<a id="nestedatt--icon_s3_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `icon_s3_location`

Read-Only:

- `s3_bucket` (String) The name of the S3 bucket containing the application icon.
- `s3_key` (String) The S3 object key of the application icon.
