---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awsappstream_fleet Data Source - AWS AppStream"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Reads an AppStream fleet. This data source can be used to reference an existing AppStream fleet that is managed outside of Terraform.
---

# awsappstream_fleet (Data Source)

Reads an AppStream fleet. This data source can be used to reference an existing AppStream fleet that is managed outside of Terraform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "awsappstream_fleet" "example" {
  name = "example-fleet"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the AppStream fleet to read.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AppStream fleet.
- `compute_capacity` (Attributes) Describes the compute capacity configuration of the fleet, if applicable. For non-elastic fleets, either instance-based or session-based capacity is returned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compute_capacity))
- `created_time` (String) The timestamp when the fleet was created, in RFC 3339 format.
- `description` (String) The fleet description, if set.
- `disconnect_timeout_in_seconds` (Number) The amount of time that a disconnected session is allowed to remain active.
- `display_name` (String) The name displayed to users in the AppStream user interface.
- `domain_join_info` (Attributes) The Active Directory configuration used by the fleet, if applicable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--domain_join_info))
- `enable_default_internet_access` (Boolean) Whether instances in the fleet have access to the internet.
- `fleet_errors` (Attributes Set) Informational list of errors reported by AWS for the fleet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fleet_errors))
- `fleet_type` (String) The fleet type. Valid values are `ON_DEMAND`, `ALWAYS_ON`, or `ELASTIC`.
- `iam_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role applied to fleet instances.
- `id` (String) A synthetic identifier for the fleet, equal to the fleet name.
- `idle_disconnect_timeout_in_seconds` (Number) The amount of time, in seconds, that a session can remain idle before being disconnected.
- `image_arn` (String) The ARN of the AppStream image used to create the fleet, if set.
- `image_name` (String) The name of the AppStream image used to create the fleet, if set.
- `instance_type` (String) The EC2 instance type used by the fleet.
- `max_concurrent_sessions` (Number) The maximum number of concurrent streaming sessions for an elastic fleet.
- `max_sessions_per_instance` (Number) The maximum number of user sessions allowed per fleet instance.
- `max_user_duration_in_seconds` (Number) The maximum length of time that a streaming session can remain active.
- `platform` (String) The platform of the fleet.
- `root_volume_config` (Attributes) The root volume configuration of the fleet, if set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--root_volume_config))
- `session_script_s3_location` (Attributes) The S3 location of the session scripts configuration ZIP file, if set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--session_script_s3_location))
- `stream_view` (String) Controls which streaming protocol views are enabled.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags assigned to the AppStream fleet.
- `usb_device_filter_strings` (Set of String) USB device filter rules configured for the fleet.
- `vpc_config` (Attributes) The VPC configuration used by the fleet, if applicable. This configuration is present for elastic fleets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_config))

<a id="nestedatt--compute_capacity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compute_capacity`

Read-Only:

- `desired_instances` (Number) The desired number of streaming instances for a single-session fleet.
- `desired_sessions` (Number) The desired number of concurrent streaming sessions for a multi-session fleet.


<a id="nestedatt--domain_join_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domain_join_info`

Read-Only:

- `directory_name` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the Active Directory.
- `organizational_unit_distinguished_name` (String) The distinguished name of the organizational unit for computer accounts.


<a id="nestedatt--fleet_errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fleet_errors`

Read-Only:

- `error_code` (String) The error code reported by AWS for the fleet.
- `error_message` (String) The human-readable error message reported by AWS.


<a id="nestedatt--root_volume_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `root_volume_config`

Read-Only:

- `volume_size_in_gb` (Number) The size of the root volume, in GiB.


<a id="nestedatt--session_script_s3_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `session_script_s3_location`

Read-Only:

- `s3_bucket` (String) The name of the S3 bucket.
- `s3_key` (String) The S3 object key of the session script.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_config`

Read-Only:

- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The security group IDs associated with the fleet.
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The subnet IDs associated with the fleet.
