---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awsappstream_image Data Source - AWS AppStream"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Reads an AppStream image. This data source can be used to reference an existing AppStream image that is managed outside of Terraform.
---

# awsappstream_image (Data Source)

Reads an AppStream image. This data source can be used to reference an existing AppStream image that is managed outside of Terraform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# appstream image by arn
data "awsappstream_image" "by_arn" {
  arn = "arn:aws:appstream:us-east-1:123456789012:image/my-image"
}

# appstream image by name
data "awsappstream_image" "by_name" {
  name = "my-appstream-image"
}

# appstream image by name_regex
data "awsappstream_image" "by_regex" {
  name_regex = "^my-appstream-image-.*"
}

# most recent appstream image by name_regex
data "awsappstream_image" "latest" {
  name_regex  = "^my-appstream-image-"
  most_recent = true
}

# most recent appstream image by name_regex with visibility PRIVATE
data "awsappstream_image" "latest_private" {
  name_regex  = "^golden-image-"
  visibility  = "PRIVATE"
  most_recent = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AppStream image. Cannot be used together with `name` or `name_regex`.
- `most_recent` (Boolean) Whether the most recent AppStream image is returned when multiple images match the selection criteria. If set to `false` and multiple images match, the data source will return an error.
- `name` (String) The name of the AppStream image. Cannot be used together with `arn` or `name_regex`. If multiple images with the same name exist, the data source will return an error.
- `name_regex` (String) A regular expression used to match AppStream image names. Uses Go regular expression syntax. Cannot be used together with `arn` or `name`. If the expression matches multiple images, the data source will return an error.
- `visibility` (String) The image visibility. Valid values are `PUBLIC`, `PRIVATE`, or `SHARED`.

### Read-Only

- `applications` (Attributes Set) Applications that are associated with the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applications))
- `appstream_agent_version` (String) The AppStream agent version used by the image.
- `base_image_arn` (String) The ARN of the image from which this image was created.
- `created_time` (String) The timestamp when the image was created, in RFC 3339 format.
- `description` (String) The image description, if set.
- `display_name` (String) The name displayed to users for the image, if set.
- `dynamic_app_providers_enabled` (String) Indicates whether dynamic app providers are enabled.
- `id` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AppStream image.
- `image_builder_name` (String) The name of the image builder used to create the image, if applicable.
- `image_builder_supported` (Boolean) Whether an image builder can be launched from this image.
- `image_errors` (Attributes Set) Errors reported by AWS during image creation or management. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image_errors))
- `image_permissions` (Attributes) Permissions granted for the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image_permissions))
- `image_shared_with_others` (String) Indicates whether the image is shared with other AWS accounts.
- `image_type` (String) The type of the image.
- `latest_appstream_agent_version` (String) Indicates whether the image uses the latest AppStream agent version.
- `managed_software_included` (Boolean) Whether the image includes managed software.
- `platform` (String) The operating system platform of the image.
- `public_base_image_released_date` (String) The release date of the public base image, in RFC 3339 format.
- `state` (String) The current state of the image.
- `state_change_reason` (Attributes) The reason for the most recent image state change, if applicable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state_change_reason))
- `supported_instance_families` (Set of String) The instance families supported by the image.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags assigned to the AppStream image.

<a id="nestedatt--applications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applications`

Read-Only:

- `app_block_arn` (String) The ARN of the app block associated with the application.
- `arn` (String) The ARN of the application.
- `created_time` (String) The timestamp when the application was created, in RFC 3339 format.
- `description` (String) The application description, if set.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the application.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the application is enabled.
- `icon_s3_location` (Attributes) The S3 location of the application icon, if set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applications--icon_s3_location))
- `icon_url` (String) The URL of the application icon, if set.
- `instance_families` (Set of String) The instance families supported by the application.
- `launch_parameters` (String) The parameters passed to the application at launch.
- `launch_path` (String) The path to the application executable.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Additional metadata associated with the application.
- `name` (String) The name of the application.
- `platforms` (Set of String) The platforms on which the application can run.
- `working_directory` (String) The working directory of the application.

<a id="nestedatt--applications--icon_s3_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applications.icon_s3_location`

Read-Only:

- `s3_bucket` (String) The name of the S3 bucket.
- `s3_key` (String) The S3 object key of the icon.



<a id="nestedatt--image_errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image_errors`

Read-Only:

- `error_code` (String) The error code reported by AWS.
- `error_message` (String) The human-readable error message.
- `error_timestamp` (String) The time the error occurred, in RFC 3339 format.


<a id="nestedatt--image_permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image_permissions`

Read-Only:

- `allow_fleet` (Boolean) Whether the image can be used by fleets.
- `allow_image_builder` (Boolean) Whether the image can be used by image builders.


<a id="nestedatt--state_change_reason"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state_change_reason`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) The code describing why the image state changed.
- `message` (String) The human-readable message describing the state change.
