---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awsappstream_image_builder Data Source - AWS AppStream"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Reads an AppStream image builder. This data source can be used to reference an existing AppStream image builder that is managed outside of Terraform.
---

# awsappstream_image_builder (Data Source)

Reads an AppStream image builder. This data source can be used to reference an existing AppStream image builder that is managed outside of Terraform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "awsappstream_image_builder" "example" {
  name = "example-image-builder"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the AppStream image builder to read.

### Read-Only

- `access_endpoints` (Attributes Set) Interface VPC endpoints through which administrators can connect to the image builder. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_endpoints))
- `appstream_agent_version` (String) The AppStream agent version used by the image builder.
- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AppStream image builder.
- `created_time` (String) The timestamp when the image builder was created, in RFC 3339 format.
- `description` (String) The image builder description, if set.
- `display_name` (String) The name displayed to users in the AppStream user interface.
- `domain_join_info` (Attributes) The Active Directory configuration used by the image builder, if applicable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--domain_join_info))
- `enable_default_internet_access` (Boolean) Whether the image builder has access to the internet.
- `iam_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role applied to the image builder.
- `id` (String) A synthetic identifier for the image builder, equal to the image builder name.
- `image_arn` (String) The ARN of the AppStream image used to create the image builder.
- `image_builder_errors` (Attributes Set) Informational list of errors reported by AWS for the image builder. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image_builder_errors))
- `instance_type` (String) The instance type used when launching the image builder.
- `latest_appstream_agent_version` (String) Indicates whether the image builder is using the latest AppStream agent version.
- `network_access_configuration` (Attributes) Network details of the elastic network interface attached to the image builder. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_access_configuration))
- `platform` (String) The operating system platform of the image builder.
- `root_volume_config` (Attributes) The root volume configuration of the image builder, if set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--root_volume_config))
- `state` (String) The state of the AppStream image builder.
- `state_change_reason` (Attributes) The reason for the most recent image builder state change, if applicable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state_change_reason))
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags assigned to the AppStream image builder.
- `vpc_config` (Attributes) The VPC configuration used by the image builder, if applicable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_config))

<a id="nestedatt--access_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `endpoint_type` (String) The type of interface endpoint.
- `vpce_id` (String) The identifier of the interface VPC endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--domain_join_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domain_join_info`

Read-Only:

- `directory_name` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the Active Directory.
- `organizational_unit_distinguished_name` (String) The distinguished name of the organizational unit for computer accounts.


<a id="nestedatt--image_builder_errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image_builder_errors`

Read-Only:

- `error_code` (String) The error code reported by AWS.
- `error_message` (String) The human-readable error message reported by AWS.
- `error_timestamp` (String) The timestamp when the error occurred, in RFC 3339 format.


<a id="nestedatt--network_access_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_access_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `eni_id` (String) The identifier of the elastic network interface.
- `eni_ipv6_addresses` (Set of String) The IPv6 addresses assigned to the elastic network interface.
- `eni_private_ip_address` (String) The private IP address of the elastic network interface.


<a id="nestedatt--root_volume_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `root_volume_config`

Read-Only:

- `volume_size_in_gb` (Number) The size of the root volume, in GiB.


<a id="nestedatt--state_change_reason"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state_change_reason`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) The code describing why the image builder state changed.
- `message` (String) The human-readable message describing the state change.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_config`

Read-Only:

- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The security group IDs associated with the image builder.
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The subnet IDs in which the image builder is launched.
