---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awsappstream_stack Data Source - AWS AppStream"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Reads an AppStream stack. This data source can be used to reference an existing AppStream stack that is managed outside of Terraform.
---

# awsappstream_stack (Data Source)

Reads an AppStream stack. This data source can be used to reference an existing AppStream stack that is managed outside of Terraform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "awsappstream_stack" "example" {
  name = "example-stack"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the AppStream stack to read.

### Read-Only

- `access_endpoints` (Attributes Set) Interface VPC endpoints through which users can connect to the stack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_endpoints))
- `application_settings` (Attributes) Application settings persistence configuration for the stack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--application_settings))
- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AppStream stack.
- `created_time` (String) The timestamp when the stack was created, in RFC 3339 format.
- `description` (String) The stack description, if set.
- `display_name` (String) The name displayed to users in the AppStream user interface.
- `embed_host_domains` (Set of String) Domains where streaming sessions can be embedded in an iframe.
- `feedback_url` (String) The URL users are redirected to after clicking the **Send Feedback** link.
- `id` (String) A synthetic identifier for the stack, equal to the stack name.
- `redirect_url` (String) The URL users are redirected to after their AppStream streaming session ends.
- `stack_errors` (Attributes Set) Informational list of errors reported by AWS for the stack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stack_errors))
- `storage_connectors` (Attributes Set) Storage connectors that are enabled for the stack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_connectors))
- `streaming_experience_settings` (Attributes) Preferred streaming protocol configuration for the stack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--streaming_experience_settings))
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags assigned to the AppStream stack.
- `user_settings` (Attributes Set) Actions that are enabled or disabled for users during streaming sessions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--access_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `endpoint_type` (String) The type of interface endpoint.
- `vpce_id` (String) The identifier of the interface VPC endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--application_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_settings`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether application settings persistence is enabled.
- `s3_bucket_name` (String) The S3 bucket name where users persistent application settings are stored.
- `settings_group` (String) The name of the application settings group.


<a id="nestedatt--stack_errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stack_errors`

Read-Only:

- `error_code` (String) The error code reported by AWS.
- `error_message` (String) The human-readable error message reported by AWS.


<a id="nestedatt--storage_connectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_connectors`

Read-Only:

- `connector_type` (String) The type of storage connector.
- `domains` (Set of String) The domain names associated with the storage connector.
- `domains_require_admin_consent` (Set of String) The domain names that require administrator consent.
- `resource_identifier` (String) The resource identifier associated with the storage connector.


<a id="nestedatt--streaming_experience_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `streaming_experience_settings`

Read-Only:

- `preferred_protocol` (String) The preferred streaming protocol for the stack.


<a id="nestedatt--user_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) The user action.
- `maximum_length` (Number) The maximum number of characters that can be copied for clipboard actions.
- `permission` (String) Whether the action is enabled or disabled.
