---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awsappstream_image_builder Resource - AWS AppStream"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an AppStream image builder. An image builder is used to create custom AppStream images by installing applications and capturing the resulting configuration.
---

# awsappstream_image_builder (Resource)

Manages an AppStream image builder. An image builder is used to create custom AppStream images by installing applications and capturing the resulting configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# minimal image builder
resource "awsappstream_image_builder" "example" {
  name          = "example-image-builder"
  instance_type = "stream.standard.medium"

  # Exactly one of image_name or image_arn is required
  image_name = "AppStream-Windows-Server-2022"
}
```

```terraform
# full image builder
resource "awsappstream_image_builder" "example" {
  name          = "example-image-builder"
  display_name  = "Example Image Builder"
  description   = "Image builder used to create custom AppStream images."
  instance_type = "stream.standard.large"

  # Use image ARN (preferred for long-term stability)
  image_arn = "arn:aws:appstream:eu-west-1:123456789012:image/example-image"

  enable_default_internet_access = true
  appstream_agent_version        = "LATEST"

  iam_role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/AppStreamImageBuilderRole"

  vpc_config {
    subnet_ids = [
      "subnet-0abc123def4567890"
    ]

    security_group_ids = [
      "sg-0123456789abcdef0"
    ]
  }

  domain_join_info {
    directory_name                         = "corp.example.com"
    organizational_unit_distinguished_name = "OU=AppStream,DC=corp,DC=example,DC=com"
  }

  access_endpoints = [
    {
      endpoint_type = "STREAMING"
      vpce_id       = "vpce-0abc123def4567890"
    }
  ]

  root_volume_config {
    volume_size_in_gb = 300
  }

  tags = {
    Environment = "dev"
    Project     = "appstream"
    Owner       = "platform-team"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_type` (String) The instance type used when launching the image builder.
- `name` (String) The name of the AppStream image builder. Changing this value forces the image builder to be replaced.

### Optional

- `access_endpoints` (Attributes Set) Interface VPC endpoints through which administrators can connect to the image builder. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_endpoints))
- `appstream_agent_version` (String) The AppStream agent version used by the image builder.
- `description` (String) The image builder description, if set.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the image builder shown in the AppStream user interface.
- `domain_join_info` (Attributes) Specifies the Active Directory domain and organizational unit used to join the image builder to a Microsoft Active Directory domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--domain_join_info))
- `enable_default_internet_access` (Boolean) Whether the image builder has access to the internet.
- `iam_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role applied to the image builder.
- `image_arn` (String) The ARN of the AppStream image used to create the image builder. Either `image_name` or `image_arn` must be specified.
- `image_name` (String) The name of the AppStream image used to create the image builder. Either `image_name` or `image_arn` must be specified.
- `root_volume_config` (Attributes) Specifies the root volume configuration for the image builder. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--root_volume_config))
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of tags assigned to the AppStream image builder.
- `vpc_config` (Attributes) The VPC configuration used by the image builder. Image builders use exactly one subnet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_config))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AppStream image builder.
- `created_time` (String) The timestamp when the image builder was created, in RFC 3339 format.
- `id` (String) A synthetic identifier for the image builder, equal to the image builder name. This value is managed by the provider and cannot be set manually.
- `image_builder_errors` (Attributes Set) Informational list of errors reported by AWS for the image builder. These errors do not affect Terraform lifecycle behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image_builder_errors))
- `latest_appstream_agent_version` (String) Indicates whether the image builder is using the latest AppStream agent version.
- `network_access_configuration` (Attributes) Network details of the elastic network interface attached to the image builder. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_access_configuration))
- `platform` (String) The operating system platform of the image builder.
- `state` (String) The state of the AppStream image builder.
- `state_change_reason` (Attributes) The reason for the most recent image builder state change, if applicable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state_change_reason))

<a id="nestedatt--access_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_endpoints`

Required:

- `endpoint_type` (String) The type of interface endpoint.

Optional:

- `vpce_id` (String) The identifier of the interface VPC endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--domain_join_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domain_join_info`

Optional:

- `directory_name` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the Active Directory.
- `organizational_unit_distinguished_name` (String) The distinguished name of the organizational unit for computer accounts.


<a id="nestedatt--root_volume_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `root_volume_config`

Optional:

- `volume_size_in_gb` (Number) The size of the root volume, in GiB.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_config`

Optional:

- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The security group IDs associated with the image builder.
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The subnet IDs in which the image builder is launched.


<a id="nestedatt--image_builder_errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image_builder_errors`

Read-Only:

- `error_code` (String) The error code reported by AWS for the image builder.
- `error_message` (String) The human-readable error message reported by AWS.
- `error_timestamp` (String) The timestamp when the error occurred, in RFC 3339 format.


<a id="nestedatt--network_access_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_access_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `eni_id` (String) The identifier of the elastic network interface.
- `eni_ipv6_addresses` (Set of String) The IPv6 addresses assigned to the elastic network interface.
- `eni_private_ip_address` (String) The private IP address of the elastic network interface.


<a id="nestedatt--state_change_reason"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state_change_reason`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) The code describing why the image builder state changed.
- `message` (String) The human-readable message describing the state change.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import awsappstream_image_builder.example "example-image-builder-name"
```
